update copy (#8680)
electricitymaps/electricitymaps-contrib: README.md

</h1>

<p align="center">

> A collection of parsers to collect and standardize electricity data such as production, exchanges and price from across the globe.<br>

Reviewer: maybe mention it powers the Electricity Maps platform (link to app/website?)

Author: We do link to the web app and app stores just below. I think that is enough personally?

Reviewer: good call, lgtm!

## Introduction

> This project aims to provide a free, open-source, and transparent way to collect electricity data.

Reviewer: maybe mention it powers the Electricity Maps platform (link to app/website?)

> We fetch the raw data from public, free, and official sources. They include official government and transmission system operators' data. We then run [our flow-tracing algorithm](https://www.electricitymaps.com/blog/flow-tracing), estimation models, forecast engine and much more to calculate the most accurate view of how electricity consumption changes over time for each country.

Reviewer: Not sure we need to talk about flow-tracing, if the scope is only parsers.

Author: I can delete it but I also don't think it hurt to give a super brief explainer of what we do with it?

Reviewer: Ok, then I made a suggestion below.

> We fetch the raw data from public, free, and official sources. They include official government and transmission system operators' data. We then run [our flow-tracing algorithm](https://www.electricitymaps.com/blog/flow-tracing), estimation models, forecast engine and much more to calculate the most accurate view of how electricity consumption changes over time for each country.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We fetch the raw data from public, free, and official sources. They include official government and transmission system operators' data. This data powers the [Electricity Maps platform](https://electricitymaps.com), which includes [our flow-tracing algorithm](https://www.electricitymaps.com/blog/flow-tracing), estimation models, forecast engine and much more.
```

> _View it online [app.electricitymaps.com](https://app.electricitymaps.com), or download the app on [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tmrow.electricitymap&utm_source=github) or the [App store](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/electricity-map/id1224594248&utm_source=github)._

Author: @corradio here we link to the apps, should we move it further up or did you want to link to the "products" page on the commercial website as well?

Reviewer: I think that's fine 👍
